The concubine is really talented
extraordinary wisdom
Your Majesty, you and the princess were really discerning
Chose the concubine
It's really the blessing of my Qing Dynasty
Public prison
You go and prepare the cement
The more, the better.
The Ministry of War and Lunge will assist you
Yes!
Chen Zhuang, you are also old Chen
Why can't you be like the concubine?
Help me share my worries again and again.
What the father said
In the eyes of children
I see that Mr. Xing has delivered meals to teachers for so many years
The country was not designed at all
Put your father's troubles in your eyes
Chen Wang Wang dare not
I am guilty.
If you want to inquire about the Qin family tragedy
Who murdered my father?
I can only find a way to get the Japanese to talk
No, I have to go to Brother Hongchen again
Something.
In the past three years
Every time I come to you
You are so unhappy
You hate me so much?
I really dare not
Take a look, but what's bothering you?
Emotional
A waste of the palace
To be able to create something so amazing
Teacher
I heard that Qin Feiyang came to see you a few days ago.
Are you coveting your beauty?